README.md, before:

# About these dottiles
The Cardinal Rule of this Branch: **Not a single line goes into any of these dotfiles that you don't understand completely.**

The primary goal of these dotfiles is portability. That means a setup that "just works". And one that you can debug if needed. Try not to require anything that doesn't ship with OS X. Shoot for less than 5 minutes from the time of cloning until you're in business, guaranteed. You can get fancy and add the optional extras on your own machine. 

# Install
Perform all steps in order: 

1. Install Git
2. Clone this repo.
3. Install iTerm
  * You want a monospaced, sans font. Use Monaco by default. 
4. Install Homebrew
  * `ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"`
5. Install Oh-My-Zsh (*Optional, but highly encouraged*) 
  * `sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/master/tools/install.sh)"`
6. Brew tmux
7. Brew MacVim (mvim)
  * Think twice about clobbering someone else's system vim! 
  ```
  brew install macvim --with-override-system-vim
  brew linkapps macvim
  ```
  * Confirm success with: ``ls -la `which vim```. You should see it symlinked to the macvim Cellar. 
8. Install dotfiles
 * The install script will give you the option to backup any files it tries to clobber.
  ```
  cd path/to/this/repo
  rake install
  ```

# Optional extras
Now, if you have time:

1. Customize iTerm
  * If you want to get fancy, go for DejaVu Sans mono or Inconsolata. 
  * Preferences -> Keys -> set `option-t` to show/hide iTerm 
  * Install Solarized Colors for iTerm 2. 
2. Install Seil
  * Remaps Caps Lock to Escape (or Ctrl)
3. Install Slate
4. Install Ag
  * `brew install the_silver_searcher`
  * If you have trouble installing Ag...
  ```
  brew uninstall pcre && brew install pcre
  brew uninstall --force xz && brew install xz
  sudo chmod -R 777 some/problem/dirs
  brew link --overwrite xz
  brew install the_silver_searcher
  ag searchtext path/to/code
  ```

Commit message:

Added reminder to pull down submodules to the README

README.md, after:

# About these dottiles
The Cardinal Rule of this Branch: **Not a single line goes into any of these dotfiles that you don't understand completely.**

The primary goal of these dotfiles is portability. That means a setup that "just works". And one that you can debug if needed. Try not to require anything that doesn't ship with OS X. Shoot for less than 5 minutes from the time of cloning until you're in business, guaranteed. You can get fancy and add the optional extras on your own machine. 

# Install
Perform all steps in order: 

1. Install Git
2. Clone this repo. Make sure to pull all submodules.
  * `git clone --recurisve https://github.com/grahamfindlay/dotfiles.git`
3. Install iTerm
  * You want a monospaced, sans font. Use Monaco by default. 
4. Install Homebrew
  * `ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"`
5. Install Oh-My-Zsh (*Optional, but highly encouraged*) 
  * `sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh/master/tools/install.sh)"`
6. Brew tmux
7. Brew MacVim (mvim)
  * Think twice about clobbering someone else's system vim! 
  ```
  brew install macvim --with-override-system-vim
  brew linkapps macvim
  ```
  * Confirm success with: ``ls -la `which vim```. You should see it symlinked to the macvim Cellar. 
8. Install dotfiles
 * The install script will give you the option to backup any files it tries to clobber.
  ```
  cd path/to/this/repo
  rake install
  ```

# Optional extras
Now, if you have time:

1. Customize iTerm
  * If you want to get fancy, go for DejaVu Sans mono or Inconsolata. 
  * Preferences -> Keys -> set `option-t` to show/hide iTerm 
  * Install Solarized Colors for iTerm 2. 
2. Install Seil
  * Remaps Caps Lock to Escape (or Ctrl)
3. Install Slate
4. Install Ag
  * `brew install the_silver_searcher`
  * If you have trouble installing Ag...
  ```
  brew uninstall pcre && brew install pcre
  brew uninstall --force xz && brew install xz
  sudo chmod -R 777 some/problem/dirs
  brew link --overwrite xz
  brew install the_silver_searcher
  ag searchtext path/to/code
  ```
